ENABLE ICLOUD

Enabling iCloud will keep all your iPhones, iPads and Macs nicely in-sync.  Any site you add on this device will automatically appear on all your others as well.

Thanks to the special way Master Password works, your site passwords don't need to be sent to Apple.
If you set a custom password, it will be encrypted before it is saved to the cloud.





STAY LOGGED IN

The right balance between security and convenience is often very personal.

To make getting to your passwords faster, you can remain logged in after you close Master Password.  This allows you to skip having to log in the next time.

However, it means that anyone who finds your device unlocked can do the same.





GETTING STARTED

The passwords created by this app are not stored anywhere but created on the spot.

You don't need to remember any password generated by this app, but it is vital that you remember your master password and that it is secure.

Don't reuse an old password!
Don't give out your master password.
A small nonsense sentence is a great password. Eg. Banana colored duckling

You can make passwords for anything, like email addresses, sites or real-world things like a bike lock: if you can name it, you can get a password for it.





GUIDE

To get started, enter the name of your site in the search bar.
A good rule of thumb is to use the site's main domain name, and leave off any insignificant parts such as the www.

Once you've selected your site, its password will appear.
You can tap it to copy it immediately so that you can paste it in a password field of another app.

To help you remember your user name for a site, you can unfold the detail pane and save your username.
You can also tap a saved user name to copy it, like you would the password.

Some sites have strange password policies that actually force you to use less secure passwords.
If the generated password isn't accepted when you try to set it for your site's account,
tap the button on the bottom to chose a different type of password.

It'll sometimes happen that a site requires you to set a new password for your account.
You can tap the plus button at the top to increment the password counter and generate a new password.
If you ever want to go back to previously generated passwords, just hold down on the button and the counter will reset.

Let me know about any comments or questions you might have via the feedback button in the app.
Together, let's help people start doing passwords right.